Hello, and welcome to the assigned
homework video for the Greengrass lesson.
And we're just going to be going over
some stuff that we want you to look at.
So first part is that all these links and
everything that we mention
will be provided in the reading
sections of Coursera, so
be sure to look there for links.
We will not be providing it on this slide.
So the first thing we want you to do for
the homework is read up on Greengrass.
Go to their documentation and
go to their about page and
just try to read up on how it works and
how to use API.
And the next part is trying
the Greengrass demo for yourself.
So what we have set up,
set that up on your own devices,
your own laptop and your own dragon
board and just get it working.
And after that,
after you've built the small demo project,
you should have a pretty good
understanding of how it works.
So we want you to build a small
project using AWS Greengrass.
And our requirements are that it has to
use AWS Lambda running on the Greengrass
core, and
AWS IoT running on that core also.
You can use it in any way you want,
just have it running on there.
And yep.
So after that you should have a pretty
good understanding of just how to use
Greengrass.
I can't wait to see what
projects you guys come up with.
And stay tuned for more videos as we
also have more interesting projects
ourselves to present to you.